# Introduction

Fusi Software Development Kit is a developer toolkit for the BrainCo EEG headband. Developers can use the SDK to develop applications that are suitable for multiple platforms. They can easily access the users' EEG raw data, brain wave data, user attention data, etc.

The SDK supports a wide range of platforms with high-performance AI algorithms implemented in low-level programming language and provides some basic computations while implementing multiple EEG data monitoring functions.

We have designed our technology to enable new forthcoming algorithms to work with our existing headband hardware. Begin your development and familiarity with our API today so that you can take full advantage of the next series of algorithms.

## Features

* Scan available Wi-Fi hotspots
* Configure headband Wi-Fi connection to specific Wi-Fi network
* Automatic scanning to find the headband in a Wi-Fi network
* Query the amount of battery power in the headband
* Query the alpha spike frequency of the power of the user's brain signal (when available)
* Monitor the connection status of the application with the headband
* Monitor the rotating posture of the application and the headband
* Monitor user EEG raw voltage data
* Monitor user EEG frequency band energy (Delta, Theta, Alpha, LowBeta, HighBeta, Gamma) 
* Monitor user's current attention rating (BrainCo proprietary AI algorithm)
* Monitor user's blink events

## Core function

* **Monitor user EEG raw voltage data**

	When the user wears the headband and the headband is well connected, the developer will get the EEG data(`EEGData` object) every half second, including the sampling rate and an array of raw EEG data.

	Focus headband has the precision equivalent to medical-standard EEG equipment, and its signal has a strong correlation(97.5%) with Gtek EEG equipment. Developers can collect raw data for many different uses.

* **Monitor user EEG frequency band energy (Delta, Theta, Alpha, LowBeta, HighBeta, Gamma)**

	The developer gets a summary of the frequency domain energy distribution every half second, including the Delta, Theta, Alpha, Low-Beta, High-Beta and Gamma bands.
		
	Developers can use data to make applications related to the EEG frequency domain, such as neurofeedback training applications, stimulus/response analysis, neurofeedback-based event triggering, and any other EEG-related application they can imagine. 
	
* **Monitor user's current attention rating (BrainCo proprietary AI algorithm)**

	The developer gets an estimated value of the user's current attention every half second.

## Highlight features
* Extremely developer-friendly API design

	* Adheres to developer-friendly principles
	* Better support for new API openness
	* Reduces developer learning costs
	* Easy to integrate it into your own application projects

* High-performance data processing technology 
	* Implemented in C   
	* Low-level language writing
	* Fast running speed
	* High-performance AI algorithm
	* Can integrate with various systems

* Consistence among all platforms
	* Greatly reduce developer learning and switching costs
	* Facilitates code building
	* Easy for developers to develop applications on different platforms
	* Results in greater business value.

## Platform support

Fusi cross-platform SDK is written in C with wrapper libraries. It supports multiple platforms:

* Android AAR: API 14+
* iOS Framework: 9.0+
* C static library: for embedded system and operating system level APP
* NodeJS AddOn: for cross-platform HTML/JS APP
* Python 3.5 binding 
* C# .NET standard 2.0: For Windows WPF/Form/UWP APP
* MacOS Framework: 10.0+ (Ver 1.3 in development)
* C# Unity (developing Ver 2.0)

## Data

For the developer who is interested in developing applications that interact with Focus headband, you can acquire sufficient brainwave data using Fusi SDK. Currently, the following outputs are available:

* Raw EEG
* Brainwave bands:
	* delta
	* theta
	* alpha
	* low beta
	* high beta
	* gamma
* Attention score
* Meditation score
* Eyeblinks
* Headset position (ex: gyro)
